Look, it was your grandfather's decision for you to marry Michelle.
I basically watched her grow up and she spent so much time in this house.
I know she can be a little bookish and quiet, but she's really very smart.
Look, grandma, we talked about this. I'm not marrying just anybody.
Maybe you've got a waltz with you and have a woman fall from the sky right in front of me that I'd consider.
God will do no such thing. Don't be silly, Luca.
I'm afraid about you.
Chill.
Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm fine.
This dog was stuck in the tree so I figured I'd help her out.
Um, did I scare you guys?
I'm sorry.
Oh no.
Actually, your timing couldn't be better.
Luca, what were you saying about a woman falling from the sky?
What the heck?
This is what God wants.
I thought it was a business trip in Europe, so I didn't have time to get you a ring, but I'm going to make it up to you, I promise.
It's a shame my glasses broke. I don't even get to see what he looked like.
Well, if he is Amy's grandson, he's got to be a good person.
My study abroad application got approved? Thank you.
You're back.
We're having to even see each other.
You guys can pick you up so you can come home together.
Okay, we'll do.
Michelle!
Hey!
Yeah.
Your wife has got a white suitcase and she's dyed her hair red.
You can't miss her.
Got it.
And don't forget the flowers.
Oh, it won't.
Ooh.
Welcome home.
It's so good to see you.
Thank you.
Red hair white suitcase.
So my wife has got a boyfriend.
Great.
Thank you.
So sweet.
Get in, cousin.
Let's go.